ladies for the beginning over five foot
four number pan jennifer brown and white
border old registered nurse she is
sponsored by powerhouse all right thank
you jennifer rocking it tonight next one
hangout is number 14 jessica vaulted 25
year old students work that empower hops
would like to take it to nutritious at
Matthew answer
you
Thank You Jessica next one up is number
15 Caffrey bathroom number 24 she has a
resident manager for her current
occupation works out of power house when
it business perky jerky and is also
training for the disney world marathon
in january with to betray me
Everett this is a large class so we're
going to see a lot of ladies number 16
Chantelle I knew she is the students and
a volleyball and soccer player she is
training with Alaska club south and
would like to thank Eric and her mother
next up number 17 Jennifer NASPA a
24-year old nail tech at salon owner
she's representing peninsula athletic
club represents the Kenai back into it
lifted with her husband and snowboarding
and competed in bigger every
number 29 Amanda camargo family friends
their supports representing body renew
Alaska next one I have number 30
velarium ass ova shih tzu sales person
it's like a girl and she has lots 85
horny grants her family and some girl
named vlad I really wasn't sure how to
say her name next one up number 34
Dahlia Bell who is tricky at the body
review everybody i live in epic European
because I'm gonna have to fill it again
we need to get all of the the wind
ladies overall name figure and the
beginning we can have you guys all
backstage and Lori are you back here
somewhere Lori Brandt Loren you wanna
well I want to feel a little story a lot
of turnout so at the last bodybuilding
show we had the last frontier shows the
gal standing back here at the la style
food wait about 250 pounds that you said
you know I'm so inspired by the show I
really want to do it and then I started
calling for yourself guess you changed
upon us it okay well let me help you out
walworth review so between slaughter
myself and lori is coming a lot of suit
check is watching almost 90 balance so
win or lose we wanted to give you this
reporting best body transformation
that's the way
another word of advice never wear white
we are never seen your body let's go so
there's a lot of enzyme thank you i know
the anticipation is killing you ate but
really you have to talk about the a-team
icon transformation because if you think
about it like a small child that's the
joke around but anyways let's get on it
in this place i have number 16 jun towel
adieu wait for your trophy and we'll
take a photon will keep going
alright workplace number 17 Jennifer
pizza
in third place I have number 34 Sally
bells all right ladies second place can
I drag it out any longer number 10 Jenn
brown and the first place champion it's
not a 14 please come up signs an order
please pick up for the photo please all
right what still waiting on that there
he is get in the middle let's take the
pictures I don't know every time I see
those guys you're only needing the
chicken I don't know I can't tell
anymore so thank you guys you may exit
the stage
I gotta tell you she is such my